Author: Travis McKee

Project Title: Commodity Market System – CMS<GO>

Description: A commodities trading server. Allows for mock trading of a few
basic commodities over multiple TCP connections.

Extensions: Both extensions were implemented.

Build Instructions:

A call to make from this directory will place the executable cms in ./bin/
The program can be invoked with one of 3 modes:

1. ./cms base
2. ./cms ext1 <port no>
3. ./cms ext2 <port no>

Modes 2 and 3 require client interaction, and there is no stdout. A simple
client is provided for testing. Note that the output from the market will be
returned to the client, NOT posted on the server side. Ideally this should be
logged on the server side, but is not as of yet.

------------ Design overview: ----------------------------

Libraries Used:

For TCP connections I used the boost asio standalone library, without the rest
of boost. The library can be found in the /lib folder.

Market:
I made a market class to handle the internal state of the market, and to generate
appropriate output strings in response to the input commands.

Private data structures:

I decided to use a couple of maps to allow quick access to the
data. The first is a (order_id -> order) map to allow O(logn) access to any given
order's information. I felt that having this instant access was worth giving up
the reasonable linear space required to keep a separate map for this.

I also keep a map of (commodity -> list of orders) to allow for the same
fast access to all orders of a given commodity. This allows all orders to be listed
in a naive way, with no particular ordering. This is probably sub-optimal for a
real world situation where you would want to filter on every possible attribute
of an order, but it's sufficient for the problem at hand.

The one aspect that is perhaps under-engineered is the simple linear filter
for listing commodities for a given dealer_id. I decided not to give up the extra
space and complexity to make this a faster operation, because it seemed like a
secondary feature that wouldn't be used as much and could absorb the extra time
complexity. This could be an error in judgement stemming from a
lack of domain knowledge.

Public methods:

The only public method my market exposes is a (string -> string) execute method.
It will parse a command string and redirect the command to the appropriate handler
for that type of operation. I chose this because it makes it very easy to inject
the market into the call and response model of the given task.

Servers:

I built async_server and async_connection classes to handle the TCP communication.
Each connection will handle all communication with a given client, and continue
reading and executing commands until the connection is killed by that client.
Each connection is bound to the async_server that created it, which in turn is
bound to a particular market. This allows the connection to access the market
directly, and to notify the parent server of deconstruction, in order to keep a
proper count of active connections.


----------- Known Bugs ---------------------------

1. There is no timeout for client communication. The server will wait forever
for a given connection to communicate or close. This may or may not be appropriate.

2. In ext1, if a second client attempts to connect he is not rejected, but rather
is ignored. I use the same server for both extensions, and simple limit the
maximum number of connections in that case to 1.

3. Unique order IDs are limited to integer values and could overflow. No mechanism is
in place to reuse outdated IDs.

---------- Other --------------------------

This program accepts concurrent connections asynchronously, but
it deals with the commands synchronously on the server side. It would be
easy to modify this program to draw from a thread pool, so that the commands
can be executed in parallel. I tested this out briefly, but I didn't properly
engineer it or test it in depth so that functionality is not in this version.

To make parallel, just call market->start() from every thread in a pool and
add mutual exclusion to avoid data races.
